
I prefer going to the cinema to watching TV. 我更喜欢看电影而不是看电视。

TV is a bad influence on people 电视会对人们产生不良影响。

I had my own TV show 我有自己的电视节目。

The device plugs into one of the laptop's USB ports. 这个设备可以插入到笔记本电脑的一个通用串行总线接口。

Simply power up your laptop and continue work. 只需打开笔记本电脑继续工作即可。

He took the machine from its bag and plugged it into the wall socket  他把机器从袋子里拿了出来，接到墙上的插座上。

Never overload an electrical socket. 千万不要使电源插座过载。

Make sure plugs are disconnected from the mains 确保插头与电源断开。

Check the power cord and power plug is intact.  检查电源线和电源插头是否完好。

This article simply introduces the ink-jet printing paper with its characteristics, quality requirements, development history and trends. 简要介绍了喷墨打印纸的发展历程、质量要求、特性和发展方向。

A printer has a carriage which holds and moves the paper. 打印机有一个滑动架，用以固定和移动打印纸。

Builders will then be sent the specifications and asked to submit a tender for the work 建筑商们将会收到说明书，并被邀请参与该项目投标。

In addition, signal current components exist in data lines, driving signal lines of printers and power wires. 另一方面，在数据线，打印机驱动信号线，电源线中存在着信号电流成分。

three-pin plug 三针插头

Other causes of migraine are VDU screens and strip-lighting. 偏头痛的其他诱因还有电脑的视频显示器和灯管照明。

He reached for the remote control and pressed the 'play' button.  他伸手拿过遥控器，按下“播放”键。

The detailed design including the realization method for the intelligent infrared remote control is given.  给出了智能红外遥控器的详细设计与实现方法。

This bag can be used as an independent laptop case.它可单独使用作为笔记型电脑包。

This upscale laptop packs a lot of tech into a stylish, ultrathin package. 这高档笔记本电脑包成时尚，超薄封装的技术很多。

You can't open the window because it screws up the air conditionin 你不能打开窗户，那样空调就不起作用了。

The sun has faded the curtains. 阳光晒得窗帘褪了色。

I balanced on the ledge 我在窗台上站稳。

The utility model is composed of an airer main body and a windproof assembly.本实用新型由晾衣架本体和防风组件构成。

I sorted the laundry.我把要洗的衣服分了类。

A typical fluorescent lamp is a tube with metal electrodes at each end. 日光灯通常是一根两端装有金属电极的管子。

In the bedroom, there is a bed stand, on which are my favorite books. 在我的卧室里，有一个床头柜，上面放有一些我最喜欢的书。

She folded back the bedclothes. 她叠起了被褥。

The bed had clean sheets and warm blankets. 床上是干净的被单和暖和的毯子。

Sunscreen can lose its potency if left over winter in the bathroom cabinet. 如果把防晒霜在盥洗室的壁橱里放一个冬天，就有可能失效。

The switch works by passing a pulse of current between the tip and the surface.那个开关通过在末梢和表面之间传输电流脉冲工作。

They had piled most of their rubbish into yellow skips. 他们把大多数的垃圾堆到了黄色的废料桶里。

You'll have two large ones in the bedroom. One has shelves and shoe rack.卧室里有两个大壁橱。其中一个有搁板和鞋架。

Rice measures more easily than flour. 大米比面粉容易计量。

Wearing the right shoes and clothes as well as being fit can make all the difference 穿着合适的鞋子和衣服，再加上健康的体魄，情况会大不相同。

Fresh fruit and vegetables provide fibre and vitamins. 新鲜水果和蔬菜提供植物纤维素和维生素。

I felt for my wallet and papers in my inside pocket 我在里兜里摸钱包和证件。

The doors were bolted on.门都闩上了。

Replaces the storage box under the bed. 替代了床下的存储盒。

Scent your drawers and wardrobe with your favourite aromas. 用你最喜欢的香味熏香你的抽屉和衣柜。

With soap and water, bubbles and boats, children love bathtime. 有了肥皂、水、泡泡和小船，孩子们都喜欢洗澡。

The bathroom is furnished with 2 toilets, 2 showers, and 2 sinks. 卫生间里装了两个抽水马桶、两个淋浴器、和两个洗脸盆。

This series is a high request of track and opening area to the sliding door. 此系列是对轨道或开启面积有更高要求的推拉门。

He could also learn to use the vacuum cleaner, the washing machine and other household appliances. 他可以再学学使用吸尘器、洗衣机和其他家用电器。

I am also getting a rice cooker and steamer to make some nice steamed fish or veggies. 我还会买个新的电饭煲和蒸笼来做些好吃的蒸鱼或蔬菜。

He pocketed his wallet and car keys. 他把钱包和汽车钥匙放进了衣袋里。

I have a pillow with my name embroidered on it.我有一个绣着我名字的枕头

Should I fetch your slippers? 要我去给你拿拖鞋吗？

Downstairs are two small rooms: a kitchen and a sitting room 楼下是两个小房间：一个厨房和一个起居室。
